Rename Groundwater flow to SteadyStateDiffusion (#2860)
ufz/ogs: Documentation/ProjectFile/prj/processes/process/ELLIPTIC_PROCESS/c_ELLIPTIC_PROCESS.md

> Process described by an elliptic partial differential equation.

Reviewer: Maybe it is better to mention the scalar variable...
```suggestion
Process described by a scalar, elliptic partial differential equation.
```
